[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: The first thing
I need to do is check if $ was
called without this being set correctly
to a new instance of $, right.
So there's a few ways that people do this.
One way I've seen people do it,
is they'll do if well what if this is just
a window.
>> Justin Meyer: All right,
cuz that's what, if I just were to call,
try just to call $
>> Justin Meyer: lI like this, inside $,
this would be the window.
That's an okay way of doing it,
but I'll show you a better way.
And then bonus points for
anybody who can explain the difference and
why the way that I'm about to do it is
better than checking if it's a window.
So the better way of doing it is
should check if this is an instance of
>> Justin Meyer: $.
And if it's not, so
I'm gonna wrap this in parentheses,
if it's not I'm going to return new
$(selector).
>> Justin Meyer: So
that's all they needed to do for
this exercise.
What this is going to do again is just
check that hey, this is the window
if called like this, it's not an instance
of $, so we're going to force the issue.
This is kind of how jQuery does it,
does anybody know
why doing it this way is better
than just doing if( this
=== window).
>> Justin Meyer: Subtle,
the reason is because it's very possible
people do this a lot when they're adding,
if you're trying to make a widget
that can work from jQuery but
kept in it's own version
of jQuery on some property.
For instance let's just say somewhere
else in our tabs widget, for
some reason we decided to make,
we wanted our tabs to have a $ property
that it was always gonna use everywhere.
So we're just gonna alias jQuery to $ and
then it was always gonna write all
of its code like tabs.$( "Iis").
Right for some reason somebody
decided to do it that way.
Well in this case this is not
gonna to be the window anymore,
it's gonna be some tabs or
some other object.
So doing it,
if( this === window) will fail.
So to be a little bit better
about making sure that
this is what you want it to be, instead
of just checking that at the window.
We explicitly make sure
it's an instance of $,
if it's not then we enforce
the issue to make it that way.
Cool, any questions in the?
There was a good question that
someone wanted me to answer.
Okay, so Kevin L asked,
can you explain why inside HTML,
this[0] can be safely relied on, if you
have an empty collection it will break.
So, that's a really good point.
So for our example it's okay to kind of
write this because we're not going to
really be dealing with empty collections.
However, jQuery,
if you give it an empty collection,
will make sure that it
doesn't throw any errors.
This would error on an empty collection
because there would be no this.0.
So when it would try to read innerHTML
from something that's undefined,
this will throw an error.
To fix this, and if you guys want to,
you don't need to fix this in your code,
but if you want to fix it
you would just do a check.
You're going to make sure that this[0]
exists, and then call this[0].innerHTML.
If you haven't seen this kind of
code before, all this does is,
all it really is doing is, if (this[0]).
Because if that's true then it
will execute this code here.
So really that looks like return,
this innerHTML we're pretty
much doing the same thing but
this is a nice shorthand for it.
So this would make your code more
jQuery like, that it doesn't error
if
>> Justin Meyer: this[0]
value doesn't exist, if it's an empty
collection and you try to read from it and
go back to the, any other questions?
>> Justin Meyer: Awesome,
okay going to scroll down here.